this year
good laugh capable of another half
but
the laity
two
and
I smile
it will only be passed
all right
Languages
good
nobody found out about anything
when hearing
it is pirated
to
serene
and here
how perfect your voice in perfect reality
I have listened to your voice with much
feeling with a lot of love you have done the
melismas that the wool has given you
walked through the song you know that I
choose me or not does not matter but
congratulations, thank you very much
what's your name alexandra fernandez
alexandra and how old are you 13 13
you know when when I start the song
'la a carignano we turned to see
because it is always a risk to sing a
song that technically has just been
on the rise we have not just heard it in the
voice of bruno mars and it was also a great
song and we were very afraid that
We were going to listen because we still have
the voice of bruno mars in the head but
you did it so your way with a voice
so beautiful you do not need piano themes
also which talks about how it fills up
voice to all ears
thank you very much for doing it and good
I hope of course you choose me but
I just wanted to compliment you congratulations
congratulations
alexandra I'm still really excited
is that since I heard the first note
from your voice I just squeezed that
button is a voice so you do not invite
bruno mars you do not invite anyone, it's you
you're alexandra and that's what I'm looking for
I'm looking for an original voice because this is the
voice the voice kids a different voice
and I really would love for you to come to
my team are really going to do a very
good work, but discipline
love
and I ask you the question
what team are you going with, I'm really
very grateful for him
from all of you I admire them a lot and it was
a pleasure for me to have sung in front
from all of you but me this time
I'm going to choose anna carina
I'm going with you
very well
very well congratulations many smell
willy the very cute mommy congratulations
congratulations myself and with you and you
you come with me queen you come with me
this is